c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\FirstFSharp.exe
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\FirstFSharp.deps.json
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\FirstFSharp.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\FirstFSharp.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\FirstFSharp.dll
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\FirstFSharp.pdb
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\obj\Debug\net5.0\FirstFSharp.fsprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\obj\Debug\net5.0\FirstFSharp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\obj\Debug\net5.0\FirstFSharp.AssemblyInfo.fs
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\obj\Debug\net5.0\FirstFSharp.fsproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\obj\Debug\net5.0\FirstFSharp.dll
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\obj\Debug\net5.0\FirstFSharp.pdb
c:\Users\Tazmondo\Desktop\Programming projects\Projects\F#\FirstFSharp\obj\Debug\net5.0\FirstFSharp.genruntimeconfig.cache
